Darksiders apocalyptic difficulty
walkthrough with all collectibles for
Armageddon gaming calm now this part
actually isn't like this my recorder
froze on me that statue is going to be
in the ground and there's going to be
two red bombs on them you just got a
shoot the one in the back of your cross
plate and then head back where you see
that break in the wall right there
that's focusing on now and shoot one in
the back and then turn that crank
there's nothing I could do to get it
back the recording just died on me so
then that blade will open you'll be able
to hit it and these doors will open up
now this is a new physic in the game
where the bombs aren't on fire so you've
got to find a source of fire naturally
there's lava lying around but that's not
hot enough I guess so we're going to
head into this room here you guys see
three statues that hold key blades now
what we got to do is you've got to find
the three blades to put in there and
then we'll be able to head on to the
final boss so it's about nine videos or
so getting the last of the blades
we're also finishing up getting the rest
of the collectibles we are actually
leaving this place with no collectibles
left behind so you won't have to worry
about backtracking here
so deal with these guys fairly quickly
because you're on this tiny platform so
there's really not much room to run
around
so there's four of these switches we're
going to hit you're gonna hit the first
one on the top left corner of the screen
then go after the top right corner of
the screen or the mini-map I should say
and you just got to traverse these
platforms a couple more guys are going
to spawn
now when you shoot this third one up on
this platform a center platform is going
to come up and you're going to get bombs
which are going to clear the way to get
the sword in this area so throw it over
there and then once that one blows up
and then throw over there
so now you're up here you can hit this
switch and it's going to raise the
platform's in where you can go through
the other hole in the wall
and in this room we're going to find the
sword you just got to crawl all the way
over here make sure you get to the end
of the road because if you don't you'll
fall in the lava there's not much combat
in this there this part and the next
part really there's only one sword that
requires a lot of combat which is the
last one we'll get so the next sword
after this one doesn't have too much
combat either to mainly just the flying
guys so you can raise this lava platform
and start heading back what you have to
do to head back is you just got to turn
this cranky and to reset the platform's
the only one that won't reset is the
center one with the bomb on it and you
pretty much just got to do the same
order of them hit the switches in the
same order and it'll raise the
platform's up so you'll be able to get
back to the center